I think anybody this is for the first
time that you go to watch a romantic is
a little but it's I don't give other
then I'm excited about the movie baby
bollywood films were not being able to
you know kind of sustained in front of
that deeper water those many weeks well
ke trailers SE você engineer they occur
I'm so stay hanky filmic yoga okay
trailers as he wrote angel it's not
confuse guarded hanky hem I stars they
push neighbor that way Gallagher re oh
thank you ji so it's a romantic chillin
right I think in Punjabi this is for the
first time that you're gonna watch a
romantic thriller we had a political
thriller be made in two thousand eleven
thirty and thirty got a very good
response from Punjab oh don't we look on
his hand okay siga ke apana kicking the
name is sam yahoo local a lot of top
people from the in the industry soy
watched it at that point of time and
they were like wow this is amazing but
people people understand and the people
i mean the kind of response that the
court at that point of time was crazy
and big Bollywood films were not being
able to you know kind of sustained in
front of that tea for about those many
weeks so i think i don't know why people
have this notion about Punjabis that in
an assumption eonni people i think when
i take the response from the audience
wherever either weather over the social
media or when you meet people here and
there they always like you know we want
something different from you we want
to see you in something different don't
do the usual that's the reason why we
kind of ended up doing something like
like hero which is very much within the
commercial space also was you do need to
have good songs you do need to have good
looking locations you do need to have
beautiful actress you do need to have a
story but what we've done is about this
story is it's a it's a story that
anybody can relate to but the most
amazing thing about this story is from
the first scene onwards we are trying to
connect to you as an audience so you are
connected so you have to feel that whoa
it could have been me so how the story
goes ahead it is based on a true
incident right right and then this
connection brought Sarah hey leak in
Phil he Abby yeh hum gasps I think
coffee different season at every
different narrative here all right buddy
a locked tight keef el nuevo banana ki
koshish KI go yet thriller health 100
minutes key space valley here Baba's
Arabic biniam Lorraine much guilt is
Koechner showed a chore radiation
Marikana keep a bird bath can image
Sammy Licata Allah keen to come seven me
a chiba can use it though that takes
time aerosmith 40 may not be like the
air took his namo steel hey Johnny
100-minute ski film banana o.g American
media is our other Lambie Oh Thea you
know you normally always time your
scripts and films you know when you have
the screenplay
if you go correctly you time the Seas if
this song is this much duration this is
this much this song in my kind of a film
is taking me ahead by 10 days or 12
tears it's a time lapse or 10-12 days
these many times they must have met they
might have missed each other this must
have happened so the time lapse of say a
few weeks or whatever so this is that
kind of effect and secondly I think this
film then a film then if you talk about
me we can talk about 30 I think they
were thrillers what took the maximum or
a time to shoot right because there's so
much to be shot you know what I mean
it's not that just one location and here
only the dance is happening and all that
whatever three days you to do a song and
then you move on it's not like that now
one shot you're taking in one location
and next short you're taking somewhere
else so it's quite stainless so I think
these these are difficult pills to make
this is not something that anybody can
just wake up one fine morning and make
films like this except allah ki baat
karay to mahahm para platicar mom lemme
unlucky rana for any film video clip
those silly guy you are they get Jimmy
cassette player kill your mom leaving
for hot cooze brought I body with me
lick in the hamper um caso jiggy pitch
at our naval a skill love mommy loved
c'mon lemme Costa Rica Dignam patella
Giga good after mom maybe a jimmy kimmel
akira anyone else me good luck milega
toma macchina romantic film Mentos
metallica nachos main table to the rodeo
tank romantic thriller but just you hey
keep this me
kahani botanica cameto tarika ecology
yogi I think Logan cocaina pain Jory gak
Anuk aside or bahia clay egyptian mummy
music keyboard buddy bhoomika OTAs film
game music they kept a connector by up
okay except parachute songs both of the
a special moment there's a battalion
learned songs in this film the kind of
songs that we needed I mean we have the
tender shah was given the music of the
film and be a vacation who works with em
answer was doing indie films and all
that whatever list is endless for him
but for him to be working on the
background of this film has been a huge
achievement for us thankee like jitna
bhi up excited how are up to par I am sm
le diga que jamika business ooh botany
is bad food show burrito definitely good
cause on a banana the metal llego know
you but I don't get by them I'm excited
about the movie okay I just hope that
everything here that I was acting
everything else I hope just falls into
place the promotions and the days and
the dad because that is a very big part
of any film doing well in today's date
in time but I feel that the audience is
very intelligent today wherever they
will find some kind of a this thing may
meet Karthik you know Romo Kazan Dario
wakani pasanda a monkey butts up to
buddy a girl a key to secrecy be set
aside to Jojo chip joselowe koneko gana
de ke Akua kita o th er for 999.9
badia care that ratio of like and
dislike when it starts to become really
positive and nice I think you somewhere
somewhere you start feeling that you
know get allocated reconnect card openin
up so I think that's the most important
thing Bucky I think the audience took
the other intelligent Queenie Masada a
siege in numbers you have there plus
anjiliac ET SE and again get end of the
day they are the most intelligent people
and if they see something different in
this film I'm sure that's gonna go and
support them you can wash a car danki to
see service oh no me lo tanto de films
route 80 vana thank you so much that
like I can lolly see Jimmy sheirgill
Jenna in the sake of me Phil milega kafi
excited the lake in Hoonah d film okay
who's a responsible that or ok Vanessa
cerruti ke cameraman possession a lovely
caution living in Eddings chandigarh i
think in punjabi this is for the first
time that you go to watch her romantic
is a little but it's I don't give you
buy them and I'm excited about the movie
big big big Bollywood films were not
been able to you know kind of sustained
in front of that tea for about those
many weeks